README.md, before:

### thisbounty.com

![img](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1377758/81486044-1eb4de00-9220-11ea-9dd0-35d151056d01.png)

### Problem

Jobs

### Solution

Open market

Level playing field

Stick to the script

### How does it make money

Be the best worker on a level playing field

No boss, no owner

### How do I get paid

For big projects, open a joint checking account with clients at any online bank. Then open one of your own. Deposit payment to joint account, then transfer to your own account.

For small projects, start with a small budget.

For disagreements, chat with the community. Someone will help you. Everyone works together.

SOON: Automatic crypto payout on test pass/fail.

### Business objectives

Start with easy work, software implementation mostly.

End with advancing collective human knowledge.

### Features

Lives on your phone.

If it's good, it's published.

Reverse projects with focus on division of labor.

### Lifebar

Project health

Hit when something on the project goes wrong

Usually hits happen happens when you haven't done it before

Heals when work processes are proven to be fixed and code is shipped

Grows with completed projects and reference code

At zero loose a life

Earn a life with risk management and incident response strategies

Loosing all lives remove process from site

Game over: "Restart the game" cameo with saved checkpoints, bringing process back to site.

Design Guidance: Environment changes project

### Moneybar

Stamina for power-ups

Hit when buying something for the project

With enough money, any can build anything, so we need a limit

Heals when funding is made available

Grows with completed projects, customers and earnings

At zero, nothing really happens, just can't buy anything until funded.

Can still work for free.

Design Guidance: Project changes environment

### User Level

Increases with greater market use of features built with process

Decreases with less market use of features built with process

No outage for users on process removal

Features eventually will need support

Users will go somewhere.

### Programmer Level

Increases with greater programmer use of process

Decreases with less programmer use of process

Outage for programmers on process removal

### Closing Thoughts

- I don't want to work.
- I want to see what I want built.
- If someone else does the hard work, I don't care.
- I don't want to read either. Please use graphics.

Commit message:

Storybook -- Components
Need custom webpack map for static images in storybook

README.md, after:

### thisbounty.com

![img](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1377758/81486044-1eb4de00-9220-11ea-9dd0-35d151056d01.png)

### Problem

Jobs

### Solution

Open market

Level playing field

Stick to the script

### How does it make money

Be the best worker on a level playing field

No boss, no owner

### How do I get paid

For big projects, open a joint checking account with clients at any online bank. Then open one of your own. Deposit payment to joint account, then transfer to your own account.

For small projects, start with a small budget.

For disagreements, chat with the community. Someone will help you. Everyone works together.

SOON: Automatic crypto payout on test pass/fail.

### Business objectives

Start with easy work, software implementation mostly.

End with advancing collective human knowledge.

### Features

Lives on your phone.

If it's good, it's published.

Reverse projects with focus on division of labor.

### Lifebar

Project health

Hit when something on the project goes wrong

Usually hits happen happens when you haven't done it before

Heals when work processes are proven to be fixed and code is shipped

Grows with completed projects and reference code

At zero loose a life

Earn a life with risk management and incident response strategies

Loosing all lives remove process from site

Game over: "Restart the game" cameo with saved checkpoints, bringing process back to site.

Design Guidance: Environment changes project

### Moneybar

Stamina for power-ups

Hit when buying something for the project

With enough money, any can build anything, so we need a limit

Heals when funding is made available

Grows with completed projects, customers and earnings

At zero, nothing really happens, just can't buy anything until funded.

Can still work for free.

Design Guidance: Project changes environment

### User Level

Increases with greater market use of features built with process

Decreases with less market use of features built with process

No outage for users on process removal

Features eventually will need support

Users will go somewhere.

### Programmer Level

Increases with greater programmer use of process

Decreases with less programmer use of process

Outage for programmers on process removal

### Gameplay

Hits occur from rules with brain.js
Oversights, for instance, did not know storybook needs extra config for static files + typescript. Usually from not doing it before
Programmers screen gets hit if we don't make \$25 a day
Propsector screen appears, and can go away:

- Clientele
- Funding
- Setup
- Team

### Closing Thoughts

- I don't want to work.
- I want to see what I want built.
- If someone else does the hard work, I don't care.
- I don't want to read either. Please use graphics.
